Prep bottlerocket-core-kit for 10.8.0 release (#693)
bottlerocket-os/bottlerocket-core-kit: CHANGELOG.md

# v10.8.0 (2025-10-15)

## OS Changes

> * Add `match-driver` sub-command to `ghostdog` as a generic command for selecting `nvidia` and `neuron` drivers. ([#644])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add `match-driver` sub-command to `ghostdog` ([#644])
```

# v10.8.0 (2025-10-15)

## OS Changes
* Add `match-driver` sub-command to `ghostdog` as a generic command for selecting `nvidia` and `neuron` drivers ([#644])
* Add `whippet`, a minimal implementation of `dbus-launcher` ([#661])

## Build Changes

> * Fix clippy warnings for Rust 1.90.0 ([#684])

Reviewer 2: nit: I see we list this for Rust 1.87.0 a few versions back, but I don't think this is relevant for the release changelog

* Update `bottlerocket-sdk` from 0.64.0 to 0.65.0 ([#684])

### Third Party Package Updates

- Update `aws-iam-authenticator`, `aws-ssm-agent` ([#684], [#688])

[#644]: https://github.com/bottlerocket-os/bottlerocket-core-kit/pull/644
[#661]: https://github.com/bottlerocket-os/bottlerocket-core-kit/pull/661

> [#684]: https://github.com/bottlerocket-os/bottlerocket-core-kit/pull/684

Reviewer 3: Missing several

```suggestion
[#677]: https://github.com/bottlerocket-os/bottlerocket-core-kit/pull/677
[#678]: https://github.com/bottlerocket-os/bottlerocket-core-kit/pull/678
[#679]: https://github.com/bottlerocket-os/bottlerocket-core-kit/pull/679
[#684]: https://github.com/bottlerocket-os/bottlerocket-core-kit/pull/684
```

> [#688]: https://github.com/bottlerocket-os/bottlerocket-core-kit/pull/688

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
[#688]: https://github.com/bottlerocket-os/bottlerocket-core-kit/pull/688
[#690]: https://github.com/bottlerocket-os/bottlerocket-core-kit/pull/690
```

# v10.8.0 (2025-10-15)

## OS Changes
* Add `match-driver` sub-command to `ghostdog` as a generic command for selecting `nvidia` and `neuron` drivers ([#644])

> * Add `whippet`, a minimal implementation of `dbus-launcher` ([#661], [#678])

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
* Provide `whippet` as an alternative `dbus-launcher` ([#661], [#678])
```

> * Make `dbus-broker` require `dbus-launcher` capability ([#677])

Reviewer 4: * Make `dbus-broker` require `dbus-launcher` capability ([#677])
* Provide `dbus-broker-launcher` as a separate package ([#677])

# v10.8.0 (2025-10-15)

## OS Changes

> * Add `match-driver` sub-command to `ghostdog` as a generic command for selecting `nvidia` and `neuron` drivers ([#644])

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
* Provide command to detect first and third-party accelerated hardware ([#644])
```

* Provide `whippet` as an alternative `dbus-launcher` ([#661], [#678])
* Make `dbus-broker` require `dbus-launcher` capability ([#677])
* Provide `dbus-broker-launcher` as a separate package ([#677])
* Fix `bind` subcommand in `ephemeral-storage` to allow multiple sequential calls ([#679])

> * Fetch pending settings only if log level is higher than or equal to debug level ([#690])

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
* Log pending settings only for the `debug` or higher log levels ([#690])
```
